PROFILE SUMMARY:

                                          Having 3.4 years of total IT experience in all aspects of SDLC, I have successful track record on Software Configuration Management, Experience in software engineering practices that include in continuous integration, continuous management along with containerization and deployment management

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:

1	Experience in Cloud-DevOps role, implementing Cloud Engineer strategy DevOps experience in Windows and Linux Environment.
2	Hands on experience In Microsoft service like Azure VM and Azure Backup services.
3	Having experience on Azure DevOps like Pipelines, Repos, Artifacts and Boards.
4	Experience in Traffic Manager, Load Balancers, and App gateways.
5	Strong experience in version control tools like Git, GitHub.
6	Good Experience in creating and maintaining the source code with Branching Strategy in GitHub.
7	Set the branch policies once completed the development will lock the release branches and avoid the last moment commits.
8	Administered and Implemented CI tool Azure Devops for automated builds. 
9	Creating and Configuring web-apps with Build Pipeline's and Release Pipelines.
10	Good experience using Maven for building java-based web applications.
11	Having good knowledge on configuration management tool of Ansible.
12	Experience on Containerization tool like Docker in creating Docker files.
13	Experienced in building and maintaining Docker infrastructure for SOA applications in agile environment. 
14	Knowledge on Docker Volumes and Docker Networking.
15	Working with users on Kubernetes POC s for new projects and initiatives.
16	Provision resources by using Terraform.
17	Hands on experience In AWS services like EC2, S3, and VPC.
18	Good experience in Monitoring tool like Nagios.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

Operating System	: Windows and Linux
Cloud Techs	: Azure, AWS
Version Control Tools	: Git and GitHub
DevOps Tools	: Azure DevOps, Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes
IaC	: Terraform
Monitoring Tool	: Nagios

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:

	Working for Apple Infotech Pvt Ltd as a DevOps Consultant from September 2018 to till now.

Project# 1

	Project Name	             : Clinical Services
	Client	: DBS

Roles & Responsibilities:
1	Infrastructure creation in Azure Cloud through Automation.
2	Worked on terraform back-end state file storage.
3	Creating and working on the Change Request approval from the Stakeholders.
4	Using Ansible Configuration management tool, to automate repetitive tasks, quickly deploy critical applications, and proactively manage change.
5	Creating Custom Docker images using Docker file.
6	Managing VPC, Sub nets, Configuring the Inbound and outbound rules for Network Security groups.
7	Involved into Agile Meetings and attend daily standup calls.

Project# 2

	Project Name	: Insurance Services
	Client	: Chubb

Roles & Responsibilities:
1	Perform deployments to multiple environments like Dev, QA, and UAT environments.
2	Creating and Managing infrastructure for Developers, testers through Automation.
3	Pull the changes from the GIT Hub.
4	Managing and Monitoring infrastructure with Nagios.
5	Expertise in Amazon Web Services EC2, VPC, S3, IAM.
6	Configuring storage account access, diagnostics & monitoring.
7	Creating and managing Development and Continuous Integration Environments using AWS & implementing and supporting fully automated Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery processes.

EDUCATION DETAILS:
	B.B.A Aditya Degree College (2015-18).

PERSONAL DETAILS:

Name	: V Sri Suya Teja
Marital Status	: Single
Father Name	: Vusurumarthy Dora Veera Swamy
DOB	: 16-May-1997
Languages 	: Telugu, English
Location	: Hyderbad
Nationality	: Indian



